== Getting Started

1. Create your own Github account if you have not already. Once you have an account, fork the repository into your own account by clicking on the Fork button at the top left corner of the screen.

2. In your very own forked version of the repository, copy the git URL. It's the one that looks like <tt>git@github.com:[your_username_here]/rubyclass_blog.git</tt>

3. On your development machine, open terminal and cd into your project directory. Once there, clone your repository:
       git clone git@github.com:[your_username_here]/rubyclass_blog.git

4. Install the required gems locally:
       bundle install

5. Run the database migrations:
       rake db:migrate

6. Start your local Rails server:
       rails server

7. Fire up your browser and go to <tt>http://localhost:3000/</tt>

== Practice Workflow

The goal is to get used to the daily GIT workflow. To do this, you will want to make changes to your application
and then commit and push them to your Github repository.

Make changes that are of interest to you. If you have strong design aesthetic, work with the stylesheets to make it pretty.
If you are interested in adding more fields to your application you can do that too.

= Command Line Workflow Example

1. Make a change to a file somewhere.

2. Check the status of your local repository
       git status

3. Inspect the differences in your local repository
       git diff

4. Add the file that you made changes to
       git add [your_filename.rb]

5. Commit the changes and be sure to include a commit message
       git commit -m "I made it better!"

6. Push your changes to your github repository
       git push origin master

7. Pull changes from your github repository (just for practice)
       git pull origin master
